---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hitachi_vss_block_change_user_password Resource - terraform-provider-hitachi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  :meta:subcategory:VSS Block Change Storage User Password:The following request changes user password.
---

# hitachi_vss_block_change_user_password (Resource)

:meta:subcategory:VSS Block Change Storage User Password:The following request changes user password.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `current_password` (String) The current password of the user.
- `new_password` (String) The new password for the user.
- `user_id` (String) The user ID for the password change.
- `vss_block_address` (String) The host name or the IP address (IPv4) of the REST API server on Virtual Storage Software block.

### Optional

- `storage_user` (Block List) This is the user output information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_user))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) The status of the password change operation.

<a id="nestedblock--storage_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_user`

Required:

- `authentication` (String) The authentication method for the user.
- `is_built_in` (Boolean) Indicates if the user is a built-in user.
- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the user is enabled.
- `password_expiration_time` (String) The password expiration time for the user.
- `privileges` (Block List, Min: 1) List of privileges assigned to the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_user--privileges))
- `role_names` (List of String) List of role names assigned to the user.
- `user_groups` (Block List, Min: 1) List of user groups associated with the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--storage_user--user_groups))
- `user_id` (String) The user ID.
- `user_object_id` (String) The object ID of the user.
- `vps_id` (String) The virtual private server ID associated with the user.

Optional:

- `is_enabled_console_login` (Boolean) Whether the user is enabled for console login. Can be null.

<a id="nestedblock--storage_user--privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_user.privileges`

Required:

- `role_names` (List of String) List of role names associated with the privilege.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the privilege.


<a id="nestedblock--storage_user--user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_user.user_groups`

Required:

- `user_group_id` (String) The ID of the user group.
- `user_group_object_id` (String) The object ID of the user group.
